First things first. Thank you for downloading Edge Player III!

To get the most out of EPIII you're going to need to understand the various settings and features. 
You can access the settings menu two ways. 1: Right click the skin and go to Edge Player 3.0 > Settings > settings.ini  or  2: Click the hidden gear icon next to the duration display on the skin.
Once you have opened the skin settings menu you have several options.


Show/Hide - This will allow you to decide if the skin will always be visible or if you want the skin to automatically disappear once you have closed your media.
	    Enter "Show" to make the skin always visible. Enter "Hide" to make the skin automatically disappear.

Player Name - This is where you enter the code for the player that EPIII will be associated with. 
              A full list of supported players and their codes can be found in the Help Menu of the settings skin and at http://docs.rainmeter.net/manual/plugins/nowplaying

Font - This section allows you to change the font of the info display. This will only effect the "Song Title", "Artist Name", and "Album Name" sections.

Text Color - This section allows you to change the color of the info display. This will only effect the "Song Title", "Artist Name", and "Album Name" sections.
             Colors are selected using the RGB 3 part numerical value codes. Examples can be found in the Help Menu of the settings skin.

Bar Color - This section allows you to change the color of the progress bar. Value entry is similar to "Text Color."

Transparency - This sections allows you to modify the transparency of the entire skin. 
               Transparency is selected using a single numerical value code. Examples can be found in the Help Menu of the settings skin.

Album Art - This will allow you to decide if the album art will be visible or hidden.
	    Enter "0" to make the Album Art visible. Enter "1" to make the Album Art hidden.

Background - This section allows you to adjust the color and transparency of the skins background.
	     Enter a 4 part numerical value code. The first 3 parts representing the color and the final part representing the transparency. 


For additional assistance refer to the "Help" section of the settings menu.